Patch 464 (#486)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access.md

| **Recommended Action** | Update the SQS policy to prevent access from external accounts. |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for SQS. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step2.png"/>
3. Select the "SQS" queue that needs to be verified by clicking on its "Name".</br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step3.png"/>
4. Scroll down the page and click on the "Access Policy" tab from the bottom panel.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step4.png"/>
5. Check the "Principal" key under "Access policy (Permissions)" and if set to "*" or an "AWS Account ID" which does not match any of the trusted AWS accounts then the selected "SQS" queue cross-account access is not secured.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step5.png"/>
6. To edit the selected "SQS" queue permission click on "Edit button.  </br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step6.png"/>

> 7. On the "Edit Queue" page scroll down to "Access policy" and change the "Principle" value from Everyone(*) to relevant AWS Account Id ( e.g. { "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::102604298007:role/aws-elasticbeanstalk-ec2-role" } ) of the AWS account.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step7.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. On the "Edit Queue" page scroll down to "Access policy" and change the "Principal" value from Everyone(*) to relevant AWS Account Id.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/sqs/sqs-cross-account-access/step7.png"/>
```
